
Retrospective
=====================
During our retrospective, we  determined that an issue with our current approach is a constant amount of backlogged work. Early on in the project we overestimated how much work we would be able to get done and expectation put us behind quickly. Near the end of the first iteration, we were struggling to get things done before the deadline. Because of this, a portion of some features were rushed. This rushed code obviously backfired quickly as we had to allocate some time in the next iteration to refactor the code to increase the code quality. Some of the refactors were just due to code smell while others were necessary to fix bugs that were present in our rushed software. This increase in the amount catch up work to do at the start of iteration two meant that we spent less time coding new features and user stories. As you may have guessed, this resulted in more rushing as the iteration two deadline approached. At the start of the third iteration, we had lots more refactoring to do again and of course, this will result in a more rushed ending near the release.
	The best way that we could come up with for improvement in this area would be to reduce the amount of new content that we take on during an iteration and focus on code refactoring and making sure our program is built using proper programming practices. This would not only fix our need to refactor each iteration but would also make implementing new code easier. It is much nicer working with well written code.
	However this solution is not completely possible since, unlike a professional developer team, we don't have a lot of iterations to work with (only 1 left in this case) so it wouldn't be logical to take an entire iteration for cleanup. Nevertheless, we went into this iteration with a priority on cleaning up some of the more poorly written code. We still kept with implementing new features as this is a requirement, but had there been more iterations to complete, we believe this step would help ease the transition into future development of this project.
